DEVDOCS-4671: [new] GraphQL Storefront API, add complexity response header (#1719)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-api-overview.md

## Complexity limits

> The GraphQL Storefront API uses an algorithm to calculate a complexity score for queries made against the API. The API returns the query complexity as an integer in the HTTP response header `x-bc-graphql-complexity` when you send a valid GraphQL request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL Storefront API uses an algorithm to calculate a complexity score for queries made against the API. When you send a valid GraphQL request, the API returns the query complexity as an integer in the HTTP response header `x-bc-graphql-complexity` .

```
condition before result. lead with the condition that the request is valid.

Reviewer: also prepositions; can you find a better one than `in`? It's not quite right.

> If a query's complexity score exceeds the complexity limit, you will receive the following error response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a query's complexity score exceeds the complexity limit, you will receive an error response similar to the following:

```

the score will be different each time. also the text might change a little in the future.

```json title="Example response with complexity error"
{
  "error": {

>     "error": "The query is too complex as it has a complexity score of 12230 out of 10000. Please remove some elements and try again"

Reviewer: is there a period at the end of this sentence when you receive this message back? wondering if this is verbatim.

Author: No period, here's the screenshot https://github.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/pull/1719#discussion_r1067456759

## Complexity limits

The GraphQL Storefront API uses an algorithm to calculate a complexity score for queries made against the API. When you send a valid GraphQL request, the API returns the query complexity as an integer using the HTTP response header `x-bc-graphql-complexity` .

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

If a query's complexity score exceeds the complexity limit, you will receive an error response similar to the following:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Complexity limits

> The GraphQL Storefront API uses an algorithm to calculate a complexity score for queries made against the API. The API returns the query complexity as an integer in the HTTP response header `x-bc-graphql-complexity` when you send requests that are at least partially successful (e.g. not rate limiting).    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The GraphQL Storefront API uses an algorithm to calculate a complexity score for queries made against the API. The API returns the query complexity as an integer in the HTTP response header `x-bc-graphql-complexity` when you send a valid GraphQL request.
```

This is probably more accurate — @bc-dima-pasieka @6juara9?

> Queries whose complexity score exceed the limit will receive an error response:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Queries whose complexity score exceeds the limit will receive the following error response:

```

> Queries whose complexity score exceed the limit will receive an error response:

Reviewer 4: @bc-andreadao I would change this sentence to say the following: "If the complexity score of a query exceeds the complexity limit, the following error code will be sent:"

Also, can the complexity limit be updated (like from 1000 to 2000 for example?)

Author: @stanzikratelbc I copyedited to change the sentence structure and fix the grammar, but made it active voice

Thanks for bringing up the update for the limit. The attached screenshot that I just received from @6juara9 has a complexity limit of 10000, so I updated the doc.
<img width="1680" alt="complexity limit" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96258747/211917716-51432856-3c13-4125-aee6-12d3f921c37d.png">
